[Music]
from the riverbank
it's roughly a five kilometer hike to
the release site
mostly uphill
this is the last time these macaws will
ever see the bars of a cage
the macaws are being released from the
top of a hill overlooking the forest
canopy
with plenty of fruiting trees
the hope is that they'll find food
straight away
and soon encounter members of the wild
population
[Music]
the team are making history
this is the first time in guatemala that
captive bred scarlet macaws
have been released into the wild
with these new individuals the wild
population
has just increased by around five
percent
[Music]
[Applause]
you